<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core">

<h:head>
    <title>Metadata editor - Error codes</title>
    <h:outputStylesheet name="common.css" library="css"/>
</h:head>

<body>

    <h1>Error Codes</h1>
    
    <p>This page gives some explanations to the error codes returned by the metadata editor in case of errors. Keep in
    mind that some of the error codes are quite broad, so it is important to also take a look at the actual error codes.</p>

    <h2>100</h2>
    
    <p>This is a general error code for errors that are not classified further. It is mostly used for exceptions that
    "should not happen". When these types of errors occur it is best to consult the log to fix the problem.    
    </p>
    
    <h2>101</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used for the cases where the editor failed to parse the template for a format correctly.
    The most likely cause for this is invalid XML in the template file.    
    </p>

    <h2>102</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used for all types of input/output errors that can occur. Possible causes are that the
    editor cannot read the requested resource for some reason or that it cannot write the content of the editor to the
    file. Since this category is so broad it is often necessary to consult the logs when it happens.    
    </p>    

    <h2>103</h2>

    <p>This error code is used when the editor cannot parse the metadata file it is given. This is most often due to
    invalid XML in the metadata file.    
    </p>
    
    <h2>104</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used when the editor configuration cannot be read correctly. This can either be due to 
    invalid XML in the editor configuration XML for a format or that the widget types are invalid. I.e.
    that the attribute xsi:type is set to an invalid widget name.</p>

    <h2>105</h2>
    
    <p>This error code happens when the user asks to view a project that has not been configured in the property file
    for the editor.</p>

    <h2>106</h2>

    <p>This error code is used when the template file is missing for a format and the user tries to edit a file in the
    format.</p>

    <h2>107</h2>

    <p>This error code is used when the editor config file is missing for a format and the user tries to edit a file in the
    format.</p>

    <h2>108</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used when the user tries to edit a metadata file, but the format that is used has not been
    configured in the setup.xml file for the project.</p>

    <h2>109</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used when the metadata resource that is requested cannot be found. This is most likely due to
    requesting a file that is not present in the configured datastore for the project.</p>

    <h2>110</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used when the setup.xml file for a project can be parsed correctly. This is most likely due to
    not following the specified format for the setup.xml file.
    </p>
    
    <h2>201</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used if an attribute value for an editor variable tag in the template does not have a valid
    value. The problem with the attribute is given in error message.    
    </p>
    
    <h2>202</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used if an editor variable tag is not known to the template parser. This is most likely
    due to a typo in the editor template.</p>
    
    <h2>203</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used if an editor variable is missing any of the associated $&lt;var&gt; strings inside the 
    variable. To fix the problem make sure that all $&lt;var&gt; for the variable type is used and do not containt typos.</p>

    <h2>301</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used when a variable is used in the editor configuration for a format, but the variable is not found
    in the template for the format. This is often due to a typo or that the variable has not been added to the template
    as intended</p>
    
    <h2>302</h2>
    
    <p>This error code is used when a widget configuration is not valid according to the rule for the widget. See the 
    error message for more details on what is wrong.
    </p>

    <ui:include src="footer.xhtml" />


</body>

</html>